1. Why did you choose the tools, libraries, and language you used for the coding exercise?
    I chose python because it is the most effective, understandable, and widely-used language.
    I chose to use pandas as soon as I saw in the write up that there is a timestamp in the csv,
    because pandas have a date-time parsing function which allows for sorting by time. It came in very
    handy when sorting from oldest points to newest. I also used pandas to store the csv because
    its a great way to store csv-form data and access them through labels or indexing.
    The final output was of dictionary form, so that is why I am using it to produce the output.
    I used the python sys library to get the command line arguments.

2. What are the advantages and disadvantages of your solution?
    The advantages of my solution is that it is easy to understand, usable on almost any machine
    and overall, if given the correct arguments, in the average-case, it will run relatively fast.
    The disadvantages are that python is not the fastest compiling language, and if the user asks
    for a big number of points to be spent, the for loop in spend() may not be the most optimal as
    in the worst case it could run for O(n) where n is the number of rows in the csv file.

3. What has been a favorite school/personal project thus far? What about it that challenged you?
    My favorite and toughest school project has to be the distributed network filesystem. It was an 
    operating systems project where I created a user library that could tweak a disk image on a server by
    sending packets through the UDP network protocol. The server-side code was the toughest because
    that was where I had to receive the packet containing information on what to do with the disk image
    on the server. The biggest challenge with this project was the sheer amount of edge-cases that had to
    be considered and the timeframe we were given. We were given two weeks to essentially create a server-
    based filesystem, with a fully working user library. I learned a lot of things from this project, most
    imporatantly was patience. Not everything always goes the way you intend to, but if you put enough work 
    in, it will work eventually. Overall, I really enjoyed operating systems, so that is why I enjoyed this 
    project.